[Music]
you
well if I could fly what if I could live
forever what if I could be invisible
when if I could live the tank for ages
people have craved for answers to these
questions and when unbelievably
gratifying way that we have used to
express our fantasies is through the
invention of superheroes in their
superpowers
these days a summer doesn't go by
without a comic-book hero transforming
into a giant to defend a girl next door
or fly across the screen to protect the
human race from unspeakable evil
while the audience's hearts pump with
excitement some people have found
another path to make their dreams last
beyond the movie-going experience
through science when the first comic
book appeared in 1933 flying was a
luxury nowadays flying is the safest way
to travel the world's life expectancy
has increased by 15 years since 1960 due
to biology and chemistry events there's
been tremendous progress in stealth
technology trying to make real life
invisible cloaks the fastest speed ever
clocked by a human being on land is 760
miles per hour in the jet propelled car
and athletes routinely Detlef over a
thousand pounds in strongman
competitions were practically breeding
real-life superheroes from bicycles to
jetpacks from looking up at the stars to
entering outer space in the shuttle our
capacity to apply our knowledge and
imagination to achieve impossible goals
appears to be limitless exciting
developments in the worlds of both
humans and superheroes will always
influence each other but as they will
see by clicking on any superpower
presented in this series the rules of
superpowers and the laws of science
don't always agree
[Music]
you